androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/example/android/common/activities/SampleActivityBase.java
 com.example.android.common.activities.SampleActivityBase
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
com/example/android/mediaeffects/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.BuildConfig
com/example/android/common/logger/MessageOnlyLogFilter.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.MessageOnlyLogFilter
com/example/android/common/logger/LogWrapper.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogWrapper
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
com/example/android/common/logger/LogNode.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogNode
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/example/android/common/logger/Log.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.Log
com/example/android/common/logger/LogView.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogView
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogView$1
hugo/weaving/R.java
 hugo.weaving.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/example/android/mediaeffects/R.java
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$anim
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$attr
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$bool
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$color
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$dimen
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$drawable
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$id
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$integer
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$interpolator
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$layout
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$menu
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$string
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$style
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/example/android/common/logger/LogFragment.java
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogFragment
 com.example.android.common.logger.LogFragment$1
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/example/android/mediaeffects/TextureRenderer.java
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.TextureRenderer
com/example/android/mediaeffects/GLES3Utils.java
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.GLES3Utils
com/example/android/mediaeffects/GLESUtils.java
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.GLESUtils
com/example/android/mediaeffects/MainActivity.java
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.MainActivity
com/example/android/mediaeffects/MediaEffectsFragment.java
 com.example.android.mediaeffects.MediaEffectsFragment
